Fix async api version (#165)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/software-catalog/widgets/async-api.md

![AsyncAPI Example](../../../static/img/software-catalog/widgets/asyncAPI.png)

:::note

> Only AsyncAPI version 2.0.0 up to 2.5.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only AsyncAPI versions 2.0.0 up to 2.4.0 are supported at the moment.
```
